I am not ok. I've not been ok since last week. I realized this evening that it's because I am dealing with the worst emotional landmine anyone ever laid in my psyche. It was laid at a young age and I've worked most of my adult life to reduce its impact since I've, as yet, been unable to completely disarm it. Largely, I've been successful. I am no longer plagued by crippling fear, self doubt, or self loathing. Until now.

Someone who has power over an unfortunately large portion of my life at present has triggered (and I do not use this term lightly) this landmine. If I am to believe them, I am so ugly in spirit that I don't even know how far gone I am. I am, according to them, mean, nasty, sarcastic, and leave a toxic environment in my wake. There was more but that's enough. It comes behind a conversation with someone else a few months ago that, while not as scathing or even accusing me of these same things, has left me similarly surprised, shocked, and disillusioned - so I was already off balance.

I keep replaying in my mind the things that I said that were interpreted in this way, most of which were said with others present who saw no such interpretation. I keep trying to reassure myself, even with the reassurances of others, that it's nonsense, to pick myself back up and build a new future, outside the grasp of this person's horrible views of me and the people who believe likewise. But, while I'm pushing to do functional things to make this happen, the whispers of old - the ones that say that I'm a terrible clueless person, that -I- really have no grasp on reality but -they- do and I just don't know it yet - drag me down, telling me what an awful, bleak, terrible person I must certainly be. Cthulhu lives here. I feel like the fabric of everything that I know about how I behave and feel in life has been yanked from under my feet. It hasn't helped that so many other things in life seem completely topsy turvy right now.

I'm not sure how to get out of this. I'm hoping that time, continuing to push to move forward (face the fear, as they say), and the love and patience of my friends and family will, if not heal this, at least allow me to resume life with some joy and feeling of normality again soon. If others telling me what utter bullshit this is could fix it, it would be fixed by now. But this is my demon and I apparently have to fight this one alone, even if I can hear (and appreciate) the faint cheering of others that manages to get to me through the thick haze of self doubt.

I am terrified and often have moments where I find it hard to breathe much less think rationally. The last time I was this afraid was when I was told, after all the surgeries I'd had, that I would require chemo. It's amazing to me that a decades old emotional specter in my psyche can still hold as much sway as a potentially fatal (even if somewhat indirectly) physical threat but there it is.

Hopefully, this won't have any impact on my relationship with you, aside from my potentially being randomly scarce when I 'just can't'. That said, as I struggle to rebuild my boundaries, I may act a bit like Harley Quinn with her hammer - if I so much as sense someone stepping on my boundaries or being anything but supportive, I may overcompensate. I request your patience as I work to regain my balance. If you feel the need to share anything other than positive things with me (and I am *not* talking about whatever you post on *your* wall - I mean direct communications), I will ask you to hold on to that for a bit. Now is not the time.

Damaged people can cause so much lasting damage to others. At least writing this has been cathartic and has given me a little peace. We'll see if it lasts.